txnbuild: fix bug where base fee is not allowed to be zero (#3622)
stellar/go: txnbuild/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### Bug Fix

> * `BaseFee` in `TransactionParams` when calling `NewTransaction` is now allowed
> to be zero.

Reviewer: I see we don't link to PRs in this changelog like we do in Horizon, but it'd be nice imo to have context for anyone wondering why there's no network minimum base fee.

```suggestion
* `BaseFee` in `TransactionParams` when calling `NewTransaction` is now allowed to be zero ([#3622](https://github.com/stellar/go/pull/3622)).
```

Author: Good point. This changelog entry should explain why this change is being made too. Adding the link as you suggested along with a why:
```suggestion
* `BaseFee` in `TransactionParams` when calling `NewTransaction` is allowed to be zero because the fee can be paid by wrapping a `Transaction` in a `FeeBumpTransaction`. ([#3622](https://github.com/stellar/go/pull/3622))
```
